[DOCS-1865] Fix single-tenant system-admin URL typo (#1822)
wandb/docs: platform/hosting/server-upgrade-process.mdx

This method only works for updating licenses that are not set with an environment variable in the W&B server container, typically in Self-Managed Docker installations.

1. Obtain a new license from the [W&B Deployment Page](https://deploy.wandb.ai/), ensuring it matches the correct organization and deployment ID for the deployment you are looking to upgrade.

> 2. Access the W&B Admin UI at `<host-url>/system-admin`.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Access the **License** page in the W&B App. Click **Settings** > **License** or browse to `<host-url>/console/settings/license`.
```
The bug asked for `system-admin` but this is now a read-only page.
